Mr. Zhang is so extraordinary
Just use 20,000 dollars to exchange for 200 million in a blink of an eye
There is actually a way to cultivate immortals
To know this way of cultivating immortals
The disc reveals the secret
It 200 million more than that
200 million more than
How is that possible?
Zhang Shoucheng is just a porter's trash
How could it be possible to skyrocket a thousand times in a blink of an eye?
It's only 200 million, and you still want to accept me. I won't sell Tiantian Bao.
insatiable
Zhang Shouchang, don't you really think
What kind of treasure is this tree?
Hacking him is doomed to be worthless
Hahaha ah.
So be it, little demon
I'm asking the patriarch of the armed monster for three amulets
It can save the lives of ancestors and grandchildren for thousands of generations
How to arm the amulet given by the master
You are an honor that the king does not have
Mr. Zhang 200 million plus these conditions
It's already at its peak.
If you want to continue to increase the price
I'm afraid Daoist Sun won't agree either
You'd better take it when you see it. I said I won't sell it.
This item is a heaven and earth warranty.
Even if it is an amulet personally given by the armed crown master
Can't compare to magic
Let alone you take some money
Even if you bring me all the wealth in the world
I don't sell it either
Return global wealth to you
The boy was just an old man, and I was wrong.
Don't be complacent.
Your Sun Daochang bought your ancient tree
That's for your face.
Zhang Shoucheng, you dare to offend even the five-way people
Look at you fainting today. I created everything in the three realms.
Heaven and earth are also open for me
If I live or die
You are armed to receive eternal life and perish with me forever